When creating the cross teams (and solving these distribution problems in general), there are two types of ways to get a good solution: making a strict rule and making a want. Strict rules are always enforced (but too many will create a situation where no solution is possible) and wants tell the program what to prioritize. Every want can have a weight that says how important it is. These are not decided yet.

--- Strict Rules ---

Each vector is put on one cross team.
Each cross team gets the correct number of vectors. Or a little fewer, in lack of vectors. 
Vectors cannot be on a cross team whose KABS is the vector's study line KABS (except GE on mix trips).
There can be at most one vector from each study line on a cross team (except GE on mix trips).

If there are any Ballerup vectors on a team, there has to be at least two.
If there are any female vectors on a team, there has to be at least two.
If there are any male vectors on a team, there has to be at least two.

For certain study lines, some additional rules apply for the cross teams. Some study lines have buddy teams, where e.g. a Space and Fysnan vector is a pair on cross teams.


--- Wants ---

Each team should have a gender distribution as close as possible to the average. This also takes the KABS' gender into account.
Each team should have at least 1 person living on campus (for vector meeting purposes). 

The following vectors should be distributed evenly across teams (regardless of team size):
    Vectors with drivers' license
    Second-time vectors
    Vectors with sewing machines
    Vectors who smoke

GE vectors on mix trips should be evenly distributed.

The average "power level" value of vectors on a team should be the same on each team. Weird name, but yeah. 

From the vector interview, vectors give their preferences towards the different types of trips.
The preferences are: 1) Very yes 2) Ok 3) No. In Danish: 1) Meget gerne 2) Ok 3) Nej.
Vectors put on a trip they really want gets a positive score, an "ok" trip is neutral and vectors on a trip they don't want is a large negative.
The same logic is true for the sizes of trips, excpet then the answers are Yes/No for each size. The team sizes are Small (6-7 vectors), Medium (8-10 vectors) and Large (11+ vectors) team.

--- Buddy teams ---

Certain study lines have vector meetings together and therefore two vectors from these lines should not be placed on the same cross team (except for buddy team).
The lines who have meetings together are:
    Cyber, C. Elektro, Bæred.En., Computer Engineering = ESCC
    FysIng, Space = NSA
    C. Software, Mattek, KID = SMKID
    Process og Inno, Produktion, Transport og Mobilitet, Eksport = PROMO
    Kemi- og Bioteknik, D. Kemiteknik, D. Førevare = BØF
    D. Software, D. ITØ = D. Soft + ITØ
    C. BygDesign, D. BygDesign = BygDes

The above combined lines must not have two vectors on the same cross team. Except for these buddy teams:
    NSA
    SMKID
    PROMO
    BygDes

--- Other ---

TrustKABS are Thor and Malou.
